2. While reading through the suggested default config file, I am unsure about
    the clipping method you are suggesting, particuarly relying on user-
    generated metadata excel sheets. Given the loaded files will have datetimes
    embedded into the parquet files can they be trimmed directly at that level?
    This might be handled in the subsequent implementation but I thought it was
    worth flagging at this stage. Perhaps a standrd format metadata sheet could
    be used? Overall this definitely needs attention and it might be best that
    all clipping is handled directly by end users?
3. What is the difference between the reference pressure and the reference
    provided in the calibration file?
4. As Matt what he thinks of the config document - does it cover the analytical
    elements we need?
5. Need to add an appropiate license after we have seen the M3B contract.
6. The documentation for the package needs to make clear that the environment
    must currently be created form the rleevant environment file before the
    package itself is installed wiht pip. Ideally this complication is eventually
    removed. Do virtual environments solve this?
7. How specific are we making the pipeline ot the SoundTrap recorders? For
    example, what happens if the datetime and serial unmber of the device
    are not encoded into the filename? I guess the _parse_custom function somewhat
    supports this but maybe some more flexibility could be introduced? Also, 
    perhaps the parsers could be moved into their own module and registered in
    the reader module. This might make it more intuitive for a user to add a new
    parser. Should these also perhaps be subclasses of a base parser class to
    enforce return signatures? I may be misunderstanding the role of classes/
    subclasses here.
8. Automatically relying on the first column if there isn't a 'Serial' column in
    the calibration file feels risky.
9. Is there a risk that the calibration process as a whole is too reliant on a
    specific configuration? What possible edge cases are there where it might
    fail? Perhaps the best option here is also to have a registry of
    calibration functions? My acoustics knowledge limits my ability to suggest 
    the best way forward here.
10. Can you explain the nyquist value calculated in the compute_base_matrix
     function more clearly.
11. The load_deployment_window function in the pipeline script also has the feel
     of being a bit too project specific.
12. We have in the past (for example when developing SeaVision) used classes
     much more heavily, whereas SeaSound seems to rely classes very sparingly.
     Is there a specific reason for this?
    
